= Hanna-nouveau

Hanna-nouveau is an RDoc generator built with simplicity, beauty
and ease of browsing in mind.

== Installation

    gem install hanna-nouveau

== Usage

    rdoc -o doc -f hanna lib

An alternative is to set the `RDOCOPT` environment variable:

    RDOCOPT="-f hanna"

This will make RDoc always use hanna-nouveau unless it is explicitly overridden.

== Integrating with RubyGems

If you put the following line in your .gemrc, this will make
RubyGems use Hanna for all rdoc generation:

    rdoc: -f hanna

After doing this, if you wish to have documentation for all your installed gems
to be formatted in hanna:

    gem rdoc --all --overwrite

== Rake task

For repeated generation of API docs, you can set up a Rake task. Set
hanna as the RDoc generator:

    require 'rdoc/task'
    RDoc::Task.new do |rdoc|
      rdoc.generator = 'hanna'
    end

== Modification to RDoc

Hanna makes a small modification to RDoc to generate more
friendly documentation.  It changes label lists to use a table
instead of a description list, since it is very difficult to
get visually appealing styling for description lists without
cutting corners (like using fixed widths).

== Contributors

The Hanna template was created by {Mislav}[http://mislav.uniqpath.com/] and
since then has seen contributions from:

1. {Tony Strauss}[http://github.com/DesigningPatterns], who participated from
   the early start and made tons of fixes and enhancements to the template;
2. {Hongli Lai}[http://blog.phusion.nl/] with the search filter for methods.
3. {Erik Hollensbe}[http://github.com/erikh] a serious refactoring and up to
   date with RDoc 2.5.x and 3.x, now named 'hanna-nouveau'.
4. {James Tucker}[http://github.com/raggi] minor cleanups for Erik.
5. {Jeremy Evans}[http://github.com/jeremyevans] RDoc 4 support, maintenance
   since 2014.

